[Applause]
suspense you can be right no I'm waiting
the mason to come around I just got in
the shower
and he's taking his sweet time right now
so I wish he'd get a move on my stomach
is turning I home in the last video that
made me feel like this place is here so
I'm gonna set a timer on my phone yeah
so that she terminates and I need you to
read through all the questions don't
suit Aaron like a bit with ya you use up
your tone I'm gonna do some path which
in this video and water come on let's
get let's get into advance with it where
the question 3 you're getting married
yes I will get married later you have
achieved a once in a while no I
mentioned this so much I don't believe
in cheat days I think it can really
encourage restrictive eating I'll always
have like wild wanting a fancy chocolate
or a fancy cake or ever I'll always eat
the cave and also everyone else to do
the same
life's too short to be restrictive you
never drink alcohol no I always drink no
no I don't always drink alcohol and I
drink like occasionally not that often
that I'm not sort of like someone to
have like a glass of wine every night I
don't feel like I have what's like that
age I do don't you notice that don't you
think like as people get older about
becomes more commonly a drink later on
autonomy quietly does it make yes where
do you see yourself in ten years
wait you don't really have seeming
questions all right
you have an eating disorder I have one
you had an eating disorder no I wouldn't
have ever had an eating disorder
assertive definitely had time
we're like I got quite obsessive over
food but it didn't last long
but I definitely have had like moments a
few years ago specifically when I was
like living in London at uni where I
didn't feel sort of an in control with
my food like I had kind twitching and
everything but no I don't think I've had
an eating disorder chance about it
shortly you work out every day
no I always have like one to two rest
days a week have a lot of friends yes I
think I have my own when I was younger I
used to have like you know like when
you're in school like big groups of
friends I definitely don't have like
masses of groups of friends anymore but
I've got yeah I've got some good friends
because I've lived in different places
like I've moved about quite a bit so
we're a bit like scattered if I make
sense you're working on something big
baki Missy oh gosh yeah yeah and you're
on two cakes last month yep you are
intimate have a small circle okay that
question aren't really don't like the
many questions just so horrible like oh
god sorry for them
you are into her and have a small circle
of close friends there were a few
actually that were like about being
introverted and I'm definitely not like
definitely not an introvert I would say
as about you got older
Ronna I would say
I'm an extrovert but like with age I
feel like I've got loads of transitions
in my life like especially over the past
few years so I'm definitely more what's
the word I'm trying to say no I'm not
I'm definitely not an introvert but like
I like to be I love socializing and I
love people but I would say as I've got
older I've got more like weary or like
how do it like trust issues with friends
if I'm not really bother like nothing as
enjoy where they can be an introvert
yeah yeah different situation but maybe
sometimes on YouTube I feel like my
confidence is growing iovers Hannah if
you go back to some of my old videos
honest to god like I was so nervous and
I feel like on camera that's something
that like that's growing you had
capitals and lots of boyfriends when you
were younger
how are you like no socks you
well she's assuming that you have a lot
of boyfriend she must friends no no no
definitely not like friends with
benefits not oh I was in like an a
relationship from quite like rounds like
15 16 and for a few years so yeah no
mm-hmm you want kids in the next five
years how I'm probably in five years 21
26 possibly with I'm not really not
maybe not in the next five years I've
got so many plans I it's far it's funny
isn't it
I'm not really sincere on these used to
be really fat or you got bullying which
is why I promise
cabbage oh my good and no I've never
been like obese as search and it's
definitely not well partner I felt
overweight and I don't think I've been
not obese but it wasn't the main reason
I started as you know I don't think but
yeah you are rich I'm just doing this
now no no everyone's no which is
different because different everyone
yeah how rich is rich like I'm not a
billionaire I'm definitely not
billionaire or or a millionaire for that
matter and I'd class someone rich like
and a million million oh yeah rich oh
it's just different for different people
isn't it yes respective you lose weight
for a calories efficient yeah yeah I
lose weight for calorie deficit that's
right yeah you go through stages of
being unmotivated yeah sure I had like
two weeks recently was just not feeling
motivated but it depends what aspects
like I always like I would feel much
better from working out so I always make
sure I get my workouts in so yeah but
definitely yeah I think we all do don't
really right now in life or are you most
grateful for so I'm most grateful for my
happiness you and Penelope and my health
yeah you get fresher to look hot cause
you day a review flew no weight a lot
less when you were getting into your
current shape compared to what you eat
now no I actually eat more I definitely
eat more but that's just yeah like
that's just how it kind of works in it
when you trainer along
your boyfriend adds a lot of money but
you buy everything that's yours yourself
your boyfriend's a lot of money but you
buy and think that's yours yourself I
buy everything
yeah of course why everything that's
mine I don't know you both on and like
our own money if that makes sense so
it's not like single way at all you
never have binges not like incontrolable
binges no not really
you wish you were Tula no that
definitely not I much like so the
majority of I think when I was younger I
actually wanted to be a bit smaller
always felt like quite lanky and five
foot six and a bit so that's like I
think that's about average or a little
bit above average isn't it like but now
I definitely our almighty really taller
to be honest just personal opinion I
guess you never eat fast food in
brackets love dogs
Oh Donald I don't eat like I haven't
been sure our teeth like few months ago
that I'd get the old like McDonald's
breakfast all right I'd get coffee or
something but not like yeah not
regularly are you saying that I
absolutely love a takeaway curry that's
my favorite food your experience Betty
baby feel I could do a whole story time
on my here experience I've had a bit of
a nightmare I'm on like the pedestrian
suggested pedestrian Oh pedestrian only
peel at the moment but I've changed so
much I haven't I've had like I could do
another separate video on that if you'd
be interested because I've had so many
ups and downs around here like quite a
lot of negative I wish I could find a
kind of the contraceptive and peer
absolutely Marianas ladies are saying
about three days quick snacks quick not
an assumption but what degrees do you
put your oven to when you're baking so
they think they do
hey dude I've hundred eighty degrees for
what my baked oats and all these
questions did he come from a wealthy
family come for a fat no you would like
to feel some more muscle yeah definitely
yeah I'd love to put small muscle do you
do cardio every day no I know you appear
really calm and quiet but actually
you're fun and crazy something crazy
oh it's crazy when someone I don't know
how I appear I guess but I wouldn't say
like I'm calm okay just a bit of but bit
of both really I think I think it's the
last question your brain works in
organized that's a / mathematical way
you like measuring things with numbers
I really do it and it's kind of I like
to make lots of work like measured
decisions but I definitely don't working
like a mathematical way really like
that's never been my strong matter
though but I'm strong like acquaintances
to it yeah where did you send it
nice finished why didn't it ring did you
know it sound oh okay oh well that's the
end of the term intersection that wasn't
too bad was about eating disorders there
was quite hear about cheat days about
yeah working out everyday anyway money
but how are you I bet
yeah I really hope you enjoyed that let
me know like if there's any
and questions or anything that you all
want me to do like a full video I or
like a story time in the comments down
below and I just to like mix something
it's like my content up a bit
I hope my hands work tea rose every
taste I felt like I was like fashion
throughout the whole of that yeah right
thank you if you haven't only don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
guys in the next video
oh just to mention and I'm going to do
it we're gonna do a say it and shot it
video with Mason in it as well you guys
already asked the questions for that so
yeah anyway it's see you in the next
beauty